Board Meeting 2024-09-19
------------------------

# Members
* Aris
* Helio
* Nikita
* Jahanzeb

## Secretary
* Nikita

## Approvers
* Aris
* Nikita

# Agenda
1. Updates
  1. keynotes (info, travel iternary and hotel reservation)
  2. bank & international invoice payments
  3. Tickets (organisers + speakers)
  4. Swagg
2. Events
  1. Speaker's dinner
  2. Social Event
3. Onsite logistics
  1. Points of contact (speakers, onsite, sponsors, venue)
  2. Opening / Closing session
4. Other

# Minutes of Meeting

## Keynotes
- We have everything from M
- We need more info on the stay
- S is done
- J need more info
- C is done

## Bank
- All invoices are paid now by Aris. Need to reimburse A.
- Created a sheet to track payments for keynotes

## Tickets
- Created a sheet for all organisers and speakers vouchers

## PSF grant
- Applied, but need to make sure that budget sheet is up-to date

## Swagg
- Badges are just updated via pycon-sweden-badges repo
    - Take info from the pretix for this
- Then we order t-shirts and badges from the Swagger company
- Need design for the t-shirts, laggards


## Speaker's dinner
- Going to reserve a place for 50 people
- Simron is going to approach the venue about this

## Social Event
- The venue is pricey in that regard;
- Simron will inform the venue that the board has rejected the offer from them
- Need to notify 14 days before the event if we are actually going for it
- We estimate 100 people to come for the event

## Points of contact (speakers, onsite, sponsors, venue)
Suggested Points of contact:
- Helio -- venue
- Nikita, Jahanzeb -- volunteers
    - This involves giving them the necessary info like tickets and make sure that they are on site when they should be
- Aris -- sponsors
- Simron -- speakers
- Soumya -- Registration desk

## Opening / Closing session
- First time discussing
- This year we discuss this as the board
- This will be more structured (keynote slides, board is in the loop with it)
- Simron will be doing the closing of the conference and Aris opening

## Other
- We currently have no volunteers, but we'll be reaching out to people who approached us before;
- Already sold tickets didn't specify their food restrictions, need to mail them
- For the further sales need to add an option for food restrictions
