Board Meeting 2024-05-02
------------------------

# Members
* Aristeidis
* Helio
* Alexander
* Soumyakanti
* Jahanzeb
* Sameer


## Secretary
* Nikita

## Approvers
* Aristeidis
* Helio
* Alexander
* Soumyakanti
* Jahanzeb
* Sameer

# Agenda
* Pretix setup (Aristeidis);
* Updates to the conference page;
* Intro video
* Annual meeting approaching

# Minutes of Meeting

- Took Nikita's version of intro video for the 2023 videos;
    - Nikita is to delete twitter from the social networks and change the fostodon link;
    - Aristeidis asked to add info on the venue and dates of the conference.
- Helio and Aristeidis discussed invoices system;
- Discussed intro video for the 2023 conference;
- Discussed that there is a bit of a surplus from the previous conference;
- Planning to do community vote for the talks next year;

