# Styrelsemöte - Python Sverige

**Datum:** 2013-03-18

**Sekreterare:** Nicolas Lara

**Justerare:** Tome Cvitan och Rikard Zachrisson

### Mötets öppnande

The meeting was declared open at 20:08

### Val av mötesordförande

Fredrik Håård

#### Val av mötessekreterare

Nicolas Lara

### Val av mötesjusterare

Tome Cvitan and Oxana Sachemkova

### Godkännande av dagordning

Approved

### Genomgång av föregående mötes protokoll

We went over the minute of the previous meeting.

### Justering av protokoll

They need to get reviewed and merged faster so that Fredrik can follow up on the action points.

### Årsmöte

 * Fredrik will lead the discussion on the yearly meeting.
 * We will try to plan it for the last conference day

### Sponsring

 * Status
 * Lanyards/bags
 * Tome will contact a designer
 * Nicolas will lead the discussion on the things SWAG that needs designing
 * We have a vector logo that Tome will upload.

### Fakturering

 * We should start billing as soon as possible. Jyrki and Rickard will coordinate on this.

### Lokal och mat

#### Bestämma lunchleverantör, lunchmeny

  * We will discuss the lunch menu in Ginger

#### Diskutera middag

 * We will collect a list of potential dinner restaurants “off-campus” in Ginger. Frej will make sure we contact them for a quote.

#### Problem med lokaler

* Nicolas and Frej will check with their contacts for video streaming of the talks to a second room.

### Program ###

#### Inbjudna talare ####

 * We will announce the next keynote on Apr 2, 2014.
 * Jacqueline will give us an estimate on how much she needs to get here.
 * We will apply for the grant to help her get to the conference
 * We will be in charge of booking the trips instead of refunding her for the costs.

#### Proposals, review status

 * We need to finish reviewing the proposals this week
 * Fredrik will chase people to make sure we all review the talks in time.
 * Marknadsföring, web och registrering

#### Biljettförsäljning status

 * Ticket sales are in a good state

### Marknadsföring status (keynotes, sponsorer)

 * We will continue releasing keynotes and sponsors

### Frivilliga

#### Hur tackar vi frivilliga?

 * Free admittance

#### Hur rekryterar vi frivilliga?
 * Tweet about volunteers
 * Post on the user groups
 * Tome and Oxana will be in charge of the PR for this
#### Hur många frivilliga? Do we need volunteers for open sessions? dinner? lunch?

 * The estimate is ~30.
 * Is registration desk open only 1h every day or people can come in all day?
 * Volunteers will rotate between registration/sponsor work and other tasks
 * We need to decide how many people we need per session.

### Pyladies

#### How do booths work? all day? special slot for the mingle session?
 * The booth is expected to be open during breaks and it is up to the booth owners if they want to be open at other times.
 * Time for a Pyladies beginners-level workshop during open sessions? Do we need it?
 * We’ll use the free rooms for these purposes.
 * We will use an “unconference” way of managing it
 * We will discuss it in Ginger

### Övriga frågor

#### Vetenskapsrådet

We need to wait on the info about Jacqueline

#### info@pycon.se

 * We will move to google apps
 * Tome will lead this discussion on Ginger
 * We will rotate the handling of the email starting with Fredrik this week.
 * volunteers@pycon.se will be created and Oxana will be the account owner.

### Nästa styrelsemöte

### Mötet avslutas

The meeting ended at 21:02
