# Annual meeting 2022

## Agenda

* Election of chairperson of the meeting
* Election of meeting secretary
* Election of two people to adjust the annual meeting together with the chairman of the meeting protocol
* Setting the agenda
* Determination of voting list
* Approval of summons
* The Board's financial report over the past year
* The accountants' information
* Question about fixing the balance sheet and disposition of the year results
* Question on discharge from the board of directors
* End of meeting

## Election of chairperson of the meeting

Helio Loureiro appointed as chairperson to drive the meeting.

## Election of meeting secretary

Helio suggests himself as secretary of the meeting.

## Election of two people to adjust the annual meeting together with the chairman of the meeting protocol

Anna appointed to be one person.  Second to be Christine.

## Setting the agenda

Agenda already in place.

## Determination of voting list

* Tamara Thornquist
* Vyacheslav Olshevsky
* Alexander Hultner
* Michael Dovgal
* Anna Lindegren
* Christine Winter
* Anwesha Das
* Andrii Sukhorukov
* Steven Wei Der Chien
* Helio Loureiro

## Approval of summons

Approved to be board in the following format:

* Chairwoman: Christine Winter
* Treasure: Michael Dovgal
* 1st board member: Alexander Hultner
* 2nd board member: Anwesha Das

## The Board's financial report over the past year

Report financial displayed by Anna.  No comments or further questions.

## The accountants' information

Anna replaced as accountant as well.  No comments or further questions.

## Question about fixing the balance sheet and disposition of the year results

No changes or fixing required.

## Question on discharge from the board of directors

No questions.

## End of meeting

No further question, old board discharged and new board stated.  Welcome to 2022.

