# Årsmöte Python Sverige 2023-05-23

Organization name: Python Sverige <br>
Organization number: 802476-3792<br>
Time and date: May 23 2023<br>
Location: Online, Google Meeting

Present board members:
- Christine Winter
- Anwesha Das
- Alexander Hultner
- Michael Dovgal

Present members:
- Wei Der Chien (Steven)
- Aristeides Nivorlis
- Helio Loureiro
- Kushal Das
- Soumya Kanti Chakraborty
- Vyacheslav Olshevsky
1) Election of meeting secretary
Nomination for secretary: Christine suggests Wei Der Chien<br>
Voting result: 10 yes, 0 no, 0 abstain.<br>
Wei Der Chien (Steven) is selected as the secretary of the meeting.
2) Election of meeting chairperson
Nomination for chairperson: Christine Winter<br>
Voting result: 10 yes, 0 no, 0 abstain.<br>
Christine Winter is selected as the chairperson of the meeting.
3) Election of two meeting adjusters
Nomination for adjusters: Alexander Hultner and Anwesha Das<br>
Voting result: 10 yes, 0 no, 0 abstain.<br>
Alexander Hultner and Anwesha Das are selected as adjusters of the meeting.
4) Setting meeting agenda
Meeting chairperson goes through the agenda of the meeting:
- Determination of eligible votes
- Financial report 2022
- Discharging the board members of the year 2022 from their duties
- Decision of number of board members and potential replacements
- Decision of term of office
- Election of Python Sverige’s Chairperson
- Election of Python Sverige’s Treasurer
- Election of Python Sverige’s board members and potential replacements
- Election of Election Committee
- Decision on representatives towards Swedbank and access to Swedbank’s internet bank
- Discussion of suggestions from board or members that were sent to the board 10 days
before the annual meeting
  - Replacing internal audit item by professional account service.
- End of meeting

6) Determination of eligible votes
10 votes, based on the presented list.

7) Financial report
In the last financial year, the organization had a surplus of 117.152.14Kr. The financial reports
were prepared by Michael Dovgal.

8) Discharging the board members of the year 2022 from their duties<br>
Voting result: 10 yes, 0 no, 0 abstain.<br>
Board members of the year 2022 are discharged from their duties.

9) Decision of number of board members and potential replacements<br>
Proposed: 1 Chairperson, 1 treasurer, and at least 3 board members <br>
Voting result: 10 yes, 0 no, 0 abstain.

10) Decision of term of office<br>
Proposed: 1 year<br>
Voting result: 10 yes, 0 no, 0 abstain.

11) Election of Python Sverige’s Chairperson<br>
Helio Loureiro nominates Alexander Hultner as Python Sverige’s chairperson in 2023.<br>
Voting result: 10 yes, 0 no, 0 abstain.<br>
Alexander Hultner is selected as the chairperson of Python Sverige.

12) Election of Python Sverige’s Treasurer<br>
Wei Der Chien (Steven) nominates Helio Loureiro as Python Sverige’s treasurer in 2023.<br>
Voting result: 10 yes, 0 no, 0 abstain.<br>
Helio Loureiro is selected as the treasurer of Python Sverige.

13) Election of Python Sverige’s board members and potential replacements<br>
Christine nominates Aristeides Nivorlis, Soumya Kanti Chakraborty and Anwesha Das as
Python Sverige’s board members in 2023.<br>
Voting result: 10 yes, 0 no, 0 abstain. <br>
Aristeides Nivorlis, Soumya Kanti Chakraborty and Anwesha Das are selected as the
board members of Python Sverige.

14) Election of Python Sverige’s Election committee<br>
Aristeides Nivorlis nominates Christine Winter as Python Sverige’s election committee in 2023.<br>
Voting result: 10 yes, 0 no, 0 abstain.<br>
Christine Winter is selected as the election commitee of Python Sverige.

15) Decision on representatives towards Swedbank and access to Swedbank’s internet
bank<br>
Styrelsen beslutade att utse:
Alexander Hultner (Chairperson Python Sverige, personnummer: xxxxxxxx-xxxx)
Och
Helio Loureiro (Treasurer Python Sverige, personnummer: xxxxxxxx-xxxx)
eller den de/den sätter i sitt ställe, att oinskränkt företräda föreningen:
var för sig
två i förening
(stryk det alternativ som ej gäller) i samtliga frågor.
Denna rätt innebär bland annat, men inte uteslutande, att företräda föreningen
gentemot Swedbank AB samt att utse behörighetsadministratörer och
företagsanvändare i föreningens internetbank.
Beslut om behörigheter i internetbanken<br>
Styrelsen beslutade att båda Alexander Hultner och Helio Loureiro skulle ha tillgång
till internetbanken för bankkontot hos Swedbank.<br>
Voting result: 10 yes, 0 no, 0 abstain.
16) Discussion of suggestions from board or members that were sent to the board 10
days before the annual meeting<br>
Replacing internal audit item by professional account service.<br>
Votes: 10 yes, 0 no, 0 abstain.<br>
Voting result: The bylaws will be modified with regard to replacing internal audit item by
professional account service by consulting a lawyer at a later date.
17) End of meeting, the signing of meeting protocol
The meeting is held entirely online. The protocol which will be circulated for signature by post to
the meeting secretary, meeting chairperson and meeting adjusters.


Signature from the Chairperson of the meeting
_____________
Christine Winter (personnummer: , Date: )

Signature from the Secretary of the meeting
____________
Wei Der Chien (personnummer: , Date: )

Signature from the Adjusters of the meeting
_____________
Anwesha Das (personnummer: , Date: )
_____________
Alexander Hultner (personnummer: , Date: )
