Minutes for PyCon Sverige board meeting 2020 (personal information has be redacted)

Time and date: kl 17.15, 28 May 2020
Location: Online, Google Meeting
Present:
(Online)
Anna K.
Helio L.
Christine W.
Wei D. (nickname Steven, in the subsequent minutes)

1) Election of meeting secretary

Helio nominates Steven as the secretary.

Voting result: 3 yes, 0 no, 1 abstain.
Steven is selected as the secretary of the meeting.

2) Determination of eligible votes

4 votes, based on the present list.

3) Setting agenda

Helio goes through the agenda of the meeting:
Going through events from last year.
Going through the plan for next year.
Going through the protocols.
The signing of meeting minutes

4) Election of Chair Person

Helio nominates Anna as Python Sverige’s chairwoman in 2020.

Voting result: 3 yes, 0 no, 1 abstain.
Anna is elected as Python Sverige’s chairwoman in 2020.


4) Election of Treasurer

Helio self nominate.

Voting result: 3 yes, 0 no, 1 abstain.
Helio is elected as Python Sverige’s Treasurer in 2020

6) Election of board member

Helio proposes Christine and Steven as board members in 2020

Electing Christine as a board member in 2020.
Result: 3 yes, 0 no, 1 abstain.
Christine is elected as a board member for Python Sverige in 2020.

Electing Steven as a board member in 2020.
Result: 3 yes, 0 no, 1 abstain
Steven is elected as a board member for Python Sverige 2020.

7) Financial report

Anna goes through the financial results of the year 2019. Accounting work was conducted by the chairwoman due to the unforeseeable circumstances of our designated accountant.

During the year 2019, a loss of SEK 281,71 incurred. This is due to delayed invoices from the year 2018.

An outstanding issue is a possible outstanding income tax that was incorrectly declared in the previous years. Anna will send in our latest protocols and financial report to Skattaverket and enquire about our tax account’s balance so this can be adjusted in the coming years.

A balance re-adjustment will be followed up to reconcile any differences to reflect actual amounts.

8) Discharging the board members of the year 2019 from their duties

Voting result: 4 yes, 0 no.
Board members of the year 2019 are discharged from their duties.

9) End of meeting, the signing of meeting protocol

The meeting is held entirely online due to the ongoing COVID-19 situation. Helio will print the protocol which will be circulated for signature, by post.
(Signatures regarding the PyCon Sverige 2020 board meeting minutes on the page above)



