* Elect Meeting Chair 
  Fredrik
* Elect Meeting Secretary
  Eric
* Elect two protocol reviewers
  Ana and Helio
* Last meeting's notes @fredrik
  Reviewed
* Sponsorship status @jyrki
  Same as last week. No word from ericsson as of yet. 
  We need to figure out the travel grants, method of deciding
  who gets a grant. We also firm down the budget to decide this.
** Actions
	Helio will try to talk to ericsson as soon as possible.

* Keynote status @ana
  We have interest from Armin as another keynote speaker, the problem
  there is that we might not have travel grants for him and he might
  not get sponsorship from someone else.
** Actions
	Anounce Jessica as the keynote!
* Talk proposal status @ana
  Talk proposal answers have been sent out!
** Actions
	
* Ticket sales
  We have created the eventbrite page. We need to figure out what to do
  with the VAT and python academy course ticket. We raised the ticket price
  for student to 250, this mostly to get them to come when they have bought
  a ticket.
** Actions
	Announce on the mailing list that we have released tickets.
	Ana will create a PR to update the site with the ticket sales link.
	Helio and Eric will check the PR.

* Venue status
** Actions

* Volunteer status @ambreen @eric
  Volunteer email is going out tomorrow.
** Actions

* Budget status 
  We could really use another sponsor but we do have everything covered for 
  now.
** Actions
  Eric will get quotes for the Print and Goodies.
  
* Next meeting

