* Elect Meeting Chair 
  Fredrik
* Elect Meeting Secretary
  Eric
* Elect two protocol reviewers
  Jyrki & Helio
* Last meeting's notes @fredrik
  Reviewed

* Sponsorship status @jyrki
  People in tech dropped out of sponsorship, would be interested to cover travel costs. 
  Tobii agreed on the same package as last time (bronze + 5 tickets for 20k). Personalkollen have gotten the invoice.
  Ana said that iZettle would be interested and hemnet might be interested. We are looking into getting Amazon AWS Lambda sponsorship.
  Spotify might be interested in covering some ticket costs. Ericsson is the same as last time.
** Actions
  Fredrik will talk to Python Academy, we will handle registration they will handle billing.
  Look into adding the registration via eventbrite.
  
* Keynote status @ana
  Ana not present.
** Actions
		
* Talk proposal status @ana
  Ana not present.
** Actions
	Ask ana to contact the ones with at least 0 in a total score.

* Ticket sales 
  37 ticket sales for now
** Actions
	Eric will send the membership email about ticket sales.

* Venue status 
** Actions

* Volunteer status @ambreen @eric
  The old volunteers have been sent an email and some have answered. We have 4 for now.
** Actions
	Send out some more call for volunteers, might be a good idea to talk to Stockholm University and KTH.
	
* Budget status 
  Budget is looking good for now.
  We will discuss design for tshirt and stickers next meeting.

* Other topics
  We should store information on suppliers for everything we buy (stickers and t-shirts, etc).
  Jyrki is starting to add information on sponsors on the website.
  
  Ping Jyrki with the details for the invoice and he will create them.
  
* Next meeting
  Same pycon channel same pycon time!
