* Elect Meeting Chair
Fredrik
* Elect Meeting Secretary
Eric
* Elect two protocol reviewers
Helio and Ambreen
* Last meeting's notes @fredrik
We went trough the meeting notes for the previous IRL meeting.

* Sponsorship status (@jyrki)
Jyrki is absent and there hasn't been any real change.
People in tech are only a bronze sponsor but would be able to 
sponsor a speaker.
** Actions
Try to call if the mail conversation dies.

* Keynote status @ana
We now have more names on the keynote wishlist.
** Actions
Fredrik will coordinate with ana

* Talk proposal status @ana
We have gotten more proposals but need more!
** Actions
We need a public announcment on twitter, linkedin, facebook, reddit etc.

* Venue status @nicolas
Nicolas was not at he meeting so we don't have a status.
** Actions

* Volunteer status @ambreen and @eric
** Actions
We should answer the ones that have asked to help and contact old volunteers.

* Budget status @nicolas
* Other topics
** Actions
Send out an email for telephone numbers - Eric
Set up a drive document - Eric 
Next meeting will be at 18:00 Vasagatan 38 Kentor office - Eric
* Fin(edited)
