* Elect Meeting Chair 
  Fredrik
* Elect Meeting Secretary
  Eric
* Elect two protocol reviewers
  Ana and Jyrki
* Last meeting's notes @fredrik
  Reviewed
* Sponsorship status @jyrki
  Not much have changed. JetBrains will not sponsor but will give out licenses to pycharm. 
** Actions
	Helio will meet with ericsson tomorrow.
* Keynote status @ana
  We have one keynote speaker! Jessica McKellar.
** Actions
	Ana will make the PR for putting up some information on Jessica.
	We need to update the sheet
	Ambreen will start to tweet out more.
* Talk proposal status @ana
  Try to get everyone to rate the talks by wednesday evening.
** Actions
	Everyone that hasn't voted should do so now!
	We will accept all talks that have no -1 and at least one +1
* Ticket sales @fredrik
  Try to start ticket sales next week (21th of March).
** Actions
* Venue status
  We had a new invoice from the venue. Due date april 9th.
** Actions
	Pay the bill before the due date.
* Volunteer status @ambreen @simon
  Unchanged
** Actions
	Eric will send out emails to old volunteers.
* Budget status
  We have created a draft balance sheet with ticket prizes (not finalized).
  We should aim to brake even rather than profit this week.
** Actions
	Eric will ask PSF for a grant that we could dedicate to travel grants.
	Take a look at the balance sheet and try to add any information that you find lacking.
	Try to think about things to spend money on to improve the conference and Python Sweden.
* Other topics
  No other topics
* Next meeting
  Monday 21th March.
* Fin(edited)
