# Styrelsemöte - Python Sverige

**Datum:** 2013-03-18

**Sekreterare:** Nicolas Lara

**Justerare:** Fredrik Håård och Rickard Zachrisson

### Mötets öppnande

The meeting started kl 20.05

### Val av mötesordförande

Fredrik Håård

### Val av mötessekreterare

Nicolas Lara

### Val av mötesjusterare

Fredrik & Rickard

### Godkännande av dagordning

Approved

### Genomgång av föregående mötes protokoll

We went over the last meeting’s protokol

### Lokal och mat

#### Kontakt med Restaurang Q

* Jyrki will contact “Syster och Bror” and “Kårhuset”

#### Middagsprospekt

 * We will all add restaurants to contact in trello and make the calls.

### Streaming

 * Nicolas will contact and handle the streaming options

### Föreningen

#### Årsmöte

 * Tome will send an email to the attendees regarding the yearly meeting
 * Jyrki will check dinner/venue for the yearly meeting

### Ekonomi

#### Budget

We went over the budget

### Marknadsföring, web och registrering

#### Biljettförsäljning status

 * Going well
 * The last day for ticket sales will be a week before the conference

#### Marknadsföring status (keynotes, sponsorer)

 * Tome will do online marketing and promote the conference at meetups

##### Programfolder

 * Info about Pycon SE
   * Schedule / Speakers and Talks
   * Sponsors
   * Maps (to dinner and lunch)

##### Banners / Rollups
   * Signs at the entrance
   * Schedule
   * Tome will ask for prices
     * Two rollups
     * Pycon laptop stickers
     * Pyladies info

### Sponsring

#### Status

 * Jyriki will handle the job ad for sponsors that want it
 * Lanyards/bags
 * Sponsor tickets
    * Tome will add the registration codes to Google Docs and Jyrki will send them to the sponsors.
    * Add staff and sponsors tickets to the budget (Including keynotes)
 * Fakturering

### Program

#### Jacqueline

 * Nicolas will contact a travel agency and book the tickets for Jacqueline
 * Nicolas will get the bio and pic from Jacqueline and add her to the site

#### Status

* Nicolas will review confirmations and that speakers have bought the tickets
* Nicolas will contact missing speakers

#### Extrarum för workskops? (PyLadies, Internet of things)

* Nicolas will find space in the program for workshops

#### Återbud

We will use this space for workshops

### Frivilliga

#### Status

* 21 volunteers

### Övriga frågor

#### Vetenskapsrådet

Nicolas will contact Vetenskapsrådet

#### info@pycon.se

it’s working

### Nästa styrelsemöte

Next tuesday at 08.00

### Mötet avslutas

Meeting ended at 21.06
