Board Meeting 2025-06-17
------------------------

# Members
* Helio
* Soumya
* Nikita
* Jahanzeb

## Secretary
* Nikita

## Approvers
* Helio
* Soumya
* Nikita

# Agenda
* DjangoGirls
* Finances
* CFP
* Sponsors
* T-Shirts

# Minutes of Meeting

## DjangoGirls
We've applied for DjangoGirls, but we need to find sponsors for the attendees and place for them. Otherwise we'll pay
for the workshop room.

We should check with the venue if they have a room available before the conference to host the DG workshop.

## Finances
We need to close books for the last year.

Helio is trying to contact the accountant but no success yet.

## Opening CFP
We could open CFP now. Should also find keynote speakers.

Should bring up CFP opening in the general chat.

## Sponsors
Did we respond to the sponsorship proposition?

We should bring it up on slack.

## Videos
Jahanzeb will prepare the into part of Videos from the last year.

## T-Shirts
Nikita will prepare the new design for this years T-Shirts. Don't forget that it's going to be Halloween.
