Board Meeting 2021-08-19
------------------------

# Members
* Nuo
* Tamara
* Tine
* Steven
* Helio
* Edwin

## Secretary
* Christine

## Approvers
* Steven
* Helio

# Agenda
- Action points from last meeting
- New action items
- Lightning Talks

# Minutes of the meeting

Follow up on last weeks action items
* [DONE] To send CFP email to members: Helio
* [DONE] To invite reviewers: steven
* [IN PROGRESS] Call for volunteers: Tamara
    * [DONE] added Tamara to Fb, Instagram & LinkedIn
    * to do write email to last year's volunteers and post on social media
* [DONE] Checking demo for Hopin: all of us at demo next week
* [DONE] Checking demo for clowdr: Slavik to report his findings next time
    * Out of budget    
* [IN PROGRESS] Collect bio and abstract of keynotes to website: Steven and Helio
    * Steven send email 
    * one keynote cancelled
* [DONE] Check pricing of T-shirt: Helio
    * We received the quotation for t-shirts. 170 in total and it will be 19.641,25 sek (w/ taxes).
    * Distribution only to speakers in Sweden, not in budget to send abroad, best to pick up personally

Lightning talks
* live or recorded?
* option to send slides and link to download and send video

Action items tbd until next meeting
* Christine push one link until end of CFP
* Explore Jitsi https://jitsi.org/
* Slavik contacts connection for keynote 
* Helio contacts connection for keynote 
* Anna needs to confirm that we have budget T-Shirt 
* Helio askes for quotation for coffee
* Steven create cfp for lightning talks 
